.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "NOITD" "8" "09/08/2008" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
noitd \- Reconnoiter scout daemon
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 6
\fBnoitd\fR [\-c] [\-u\ \fIuser\fR] [\-g\ \fIgroup\fR] [\-t\ \fIpath\fR] [\-d] [\-D] [\-h]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBnoitd\fR
is the daemon that performs all health and metric checks. Generally, one is run in each environment (secured submet).
.TP
\fB\-u\fR
Optionally specifies a username or uid under which to operate.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR
Optionally specifies a group name or gid under which to operate.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR
Optionally specifies a path to chroot(2) for operation. Measures must be taken to ensure that log files can be accessed in the chrooted environment.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Specifies a configuration file to read. The initial configuration is read from this file and
\fBwrite config\fR
commands will write to this file. The default location of the configuration file is
\fInoitd.conf\fR
in the sysconfdir specified at build time.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR
Instructs
\fBnoitd\fR
to run in the foreground. Normally, noitd consists of a management process and a child process that performs all actions. This prevents that scenario and runs only the child process attached to the terminal. This is primarily for debugging purposes.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Enables the debug output facility despite configuration to the contrary.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Displays the usage information.
