.\" ** You probably do not want to edit this file directly **
.\" It was generated using the DocBook XSL Stylesheets (version 1.69.1).
.\" Instead of manually editing it, you probably should edit the DocBook XML
.\" source for it and then use the DocBook XSL Stylesheets to regenerate it.
.TH "STRATCOND" "8" "09/08/2008" "" ""
.\" disable hyphenation
.nh
.\" disable justification (adjust text to left margin only)
.ad l
.SH "NAME"
stratcond \- Reconnoiter data collector/aggregator.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP 10
\fBstratcond\fR [\-c] [\-u\ \fIuser\fR] [\-g\ \fIgroup\fR] [\-t\ \fIpath\fR] [\-d] [\-D] [\-h]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBstratcond\fR
is the daemon that coordinates all
\fBnoitd\fR
daemons, processes their data feeds (configuration updates, metrics, checks and statuses) and provides that data to the backend business logic: storage services and fault detection services.
.TP
\fB\-u\fR
Optionally specifies a username or uid under which to operate.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR
Optionally specifies a group name or gid under which to operate.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR
Optionally specifies a path to chroot(2) for operation. Measures must be taken to ensure that log files can be accessed in the chrooted environment.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR
Specifies a configuration file to read. The default location of the configuration file is
\fIstratcond.conf\fR
in the sysconfdir specified at build time.
.TP
\fB\-D\fR
Instructs
\fBstratcond\fR
to run in the foreground. The process remains attached to the terminal. This is primarily for debugging purposes.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR
Enables the debug output facility despite configuration to the contrary.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR
Displays the usage information.
